Foreign JSON members roundtrip (#669)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed a crash that occurred when `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAvoid` or `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAllow` properties contained multiple road classes.
* `RoadClasses.tunnel` and `RoadClasses.restricted` are no longer supported in `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAvoid` or `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAllow` properties
* Added `DirectionsOptions(url:)`, `RouteOptions(url:)` and extended existing `DirectionsOptions(waypoints:profileIdentifier:queryItems:)`, `RouteOptions(waypoints:profileIdentifier:queryItems:)`, `MatchOptions(waypoints:profileIdentifier:queryItems:)` and related convenience init methods for deserializing corresponding options object using appropriate request URL or it's query items. ([#655](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/655))

> * `RouteResponse`, `RouteRefreshResponse`, `MatchResponse` and all underlying types now correctly handle unrecogized (foreign) JSON values and preserve them on coding/decoding using `ForeignMemberContainer` and `ForeignMemberClassContainer` implementations. ([#669](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/669))

Reviewer: Typo:

```suggestion
* `RouteResponse`, `RouteRefreshResponse`, `MatchResponse` and all underlying types now correctly handle unrecognized (foreign) JSON values and preserve them on coding/decoding using `ForeignMemberContainer` and `ForeignMemberClassContainer` implementations. ([#669](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/669))
```

Should we say something about how this could be useful for using properties in the response that are still in beta?

* Fixed a crash that occurred when `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAvoid` or `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAllow` properties contained multiple road classes.
* `RoadClasses.tunnel` and `RoadClasses.restricted` are no longer supported in `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAvoid` or `RouteOptions.roadClassesToAllow` properties
* Added `DirectionsOptions(url:)`, `RouteOptions(url:)` and extended existing `DirectionsOptions(waypoints:profileIdentifier:queryItems:)`, `RouteOptions(waypoints:profileIdentifier:queryItems:)`, `MatchOptions(waypoints:profileIdentifier:queryItems:)` and related convenience init methods for deserializing corresponding options object using appropriate request URL or it's query items. ([#655](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/655))

> * `RouteResponse`, `RouteRefreshResponse`, `MatchResponse` and all underlying types now correctly handle unrecognized (foreign) JSON values and preserve them on coding/decoding using `ForeignMemberContainer` and `ForeignMemberClassContainer` implementations. ([#669](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/669))
> * Fixed `Waypoint.snappedDistance` value was missing after decoding a `RouteResponse`. ([#669](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/669)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Types that correspond to objects in the Mapbox Directions API response, such as `RouteResponse`, `RouteRefreshResponse`, `MatchResponse`, and `RouteStep`, now conform to the `ForeignMemberContainer` and `ForeignMemberClassContainer` protocols. Types that conform to these protocols can persist unrecognized properties in the response, such as properties that are in beta, even after coding and decoding. You can access these properties using the `ForeignMemberContainer.foreignMembers` and `ForeignMemberClassContainer.foreignMembers` properties. ([#669](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/669))
* Fixed an issue where decoding a `RouteResponse` incorrectly set the `Waypoint.snappedDistance` property to `nil`. ([#669](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/669)) 
```
